Image Transformation/README.md, before:

# Image Transformation

This project implements some methods of image transformation. The primary goal is to map the original image intensities distribution to another distribution to enhance the visual details in the image. This project serves as both an educational resource and a practical example for those interested in understanding the basics of image processing. 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone "https://github.com/adelmomo/Image Processing and Computer Vision Techniques"
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd "Image Processing and Computer Vision Techniques/Image Transformation"
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Input and Output

Here is an example of the input image and the resulting enhanced image output:

### Input Image:
![Input Image](./sample.jpg)

### Enhanced Image Output:
![Output Image](./output.jpg)

## Usage

To run the procedure on a sample image, use the following command:

```bash
python main.py -i ./sample.jpg -o output.jpg

Commit message:

Implementing Gaussian Blurring in the ImageTransformation class and fix some bugs found the README.md and the source code

Image Transformation/README.md, after:

# Image Transformation

This project implements various methods of image transformation, focusing on mapping an original image to a transformed version by applying specific functions (kernels) to enhance image quality. The primary objectives include tasks such as noise reduction (e.g., White Noise Removal) and contrast enhancement (e.g., Histogram Equalization). This project serves as both an educational resource and a practical example, providing foundational insights into the basics of image processing for those interested in the field.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone "https://github.com/adelmomo/Image Processing and Computer Vision Techniques"
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd "Image Processing and Computer Vision Techniques/Image Transformation"
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Input and Output

Here is an example of the input image and the resulting image outputs after performing the following Image Transformations:

### Input Image:
![Input Image](./sample.jpg)

### Image Output After Histogram Equalization:
![Output Image](./histogram_equalization_output.jpg)

### Input Image:
![Input Image](./sample.jpg)

### Image Output After Gaussian Blurring:
![Output Image](./gaussian_blur_output.jpg)

## Usage

To run the procedure on a sample image, use the following command:

1) Histogram Equalization

```bash
python main.py -i sample.jpg -o histogram_equalization_output.jpg histogram

2) Gaussian Blurring

```bash
python main.py -i sample.jpg -std 2 -ksize 7 -o gaussian_blur_output.jpg  gaussian
